Boston Fern - Nephrolepis exaltata
Areca Palm - Dypsis lutescens
Snake Plant - Sansevieria trifasciata
Spider Plant - Chlorophytum comosum
Peace Lily - Spathiphyllum
Aloe Vera - Aloe barbadensis miller
Gerbera Daisy - Gerbera jamesonii
Tulsi - Ocimum tenuiflorum
Golden Pothos - Epipremnum aureum
Weeping Fig - Ficus benjamina
Bamboo (Bambusoideae)
Money Plant (Epipremnum aureum)

Ficus Trees
(Ficus spp.):
            Ficus trees, including the Weeping Fig (Ficus benjamina),
             are known for their air-purifying qualities and can produce a significant amount of oxygen.
             Some species of Ficus trees have relatively fast growth rates.

Chinese Evergreen
(Aglaonema):
           Chinese Evergreen plants are known for their ability to purify the air and can produce oxygen.
            They have moderate growth rates.

English Ivy
(Hedera helix): 
              English Ivy is a climbing vine that can grow quickly and has good oxygen production.
               It is often used as an outdoor ground cover or indoor hanging plant.

Rubber Tree
(Ficus elastica):
                 Rubber trees are large, indoor plants known for their air-purifying properties and oxygen production.
                  They have a moderate growth rate.

Philodendron
(Philodendron spp.):
                   Philodendrons are popular houseplants that can grow quickly and have good oxygen production.

Pothos
(Epipremnum aureum):
                   Pothos, also known as Devil's Ivy, is a trailing vine that grows rapidly and is known for its oxygen production.

Sugarcane
(Saccharum officinarum):
                       Sugarcane is a fast-growing grass that can absorb large amounts of
                        carbon dioxide and release oxygen during photosynthesis.

Algae:
      Algae, including various species of seaweed and phytoplankton, are aquatic plants known for their high oxygen production.
       They can grow rapidly under suitable conditions.

Water Hyacinth
 (Eichhornia crassipes):
                       Water hyacinth is a floating aquatic plant that grows rapidly and can release oxygen into the water.

Brazilian Pennywort
 (Hydrocotyle leucocephala):
                            Brazilian Pennywort is a fast-growing aquatic plant that can provide oxygenation in aquariums and ponds.

Lucky Bamboo
(Dracaena sanderiana):
                     Lucky Bamboo is a popular indoor plant known for its ability to produce oxygen and grow relatively quickly in water or soil.

Duckweed
(Lemnaceae):
            Duckweed is a family of small floating aquatic plants that can reproduce rapidly and provide a substantial amount of oxygen in water bodies.

Indian Mustard
(Brassica juncea):
                  Indian Mustard is a fast-growing plant that is known for its phytoremediation abilities,
                   meaning it can absorb pollutants from the soil while producing oxygen.

Chlorella
(Chlorella spp.):
                 Chlorella is a type of green microalgae that can rapidly grow and produce oxygen through photosynthesis.

Watercress
(Nasturtium officinale):
                        Watercress is a semi-aquatic plant that grows quickly and can provide oxygen both in water and when grown as a terrestrial plant.

Azolla
(Azolla spp.):
              Azolla is a floating aquatic fern that can multiply rapidly and contribute to oxygen production in water bodies.

Spinach
(Spinacia oleracea):
                    Spinach is a leafy green vegetable that grows relatively quickly and contributes to oxygen production through photosynthesis.

Time of Growth:
            Boston Fern: 1-2 years
            Areca Palm: 5-7 years
            Snake Plant: 2-5 years
            Spider Plant: 2-3 years
            Peace Lily: 2-3 years
            Aloe Vera: 3-5 years
            Gerbera Daisy: 1-2 years
            Tulsi: 1-2 years
            Golden Pothos: 1-2 years
            Weeping Fig: 5-10 years
            Bamboo: 3-5 years
            Money Plant: 1-2 years
            Ficus Trees (Ficus spp.): 5-10 years
            Chinese Evergreen (Aglaonema):  2-4 years
            English Ivy (Hedera helix): 2-5 years
            Rubber Tree (Ficus elastica): 5-7 years
            Philodendron (Philodendron spp.): 2-5 years 
            Pothos (Epipremnum aureum): 1-2 years
            Sugarcane (Saccharum officinarum): 9-24 months
            Algae:few weeks to a few months
            Water Hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes): few months to a year
            Brazilian Pennywort (Hydrocotyle leucocephala): 2-4 months
            Duckweed (Lemnaceae):  few weeks to a few months
            Indian Mustard (Brassica juncea): 2-4 months
            Chlorella (Chlorella spp.): 1-2 weeks
            Watercress (Nasturtium officinale): 50-70 days of growth
            Azolla (Azolla spp.): 1-3 weeks
            Spinach (Spinacia oleracea): 6-8 weeks
            Philodendron: 2-5 years
